Introduction
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hegai is allegedly an operating system. It's a pet project for me to explore
modern OS development. It has no practical value (yet?) but I enjoy working on
it.


Why "Hegai?"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the Christian Bible, Hegai was a eunuch in charge of the king's harem. The
women in the harem would wait their turn to spend a night with the king and
have a chance to become his queen. Esther gained Hegai's favor while in the
harem waiting for her turn and Hegai supposedly talked to her about how to win
the king's favor. When Esther had her turn with the king, she won his favor and
became queen.

Hegai is barely mentioned in the Bible--in fact, Esther chapter 2 is the only
part that mentions him at all--yet he is likely responsible for changing the
course of human history by indirectly making Esther become a queen.

VIA Technologies named several of their CPU cores after Biblical figures:
Joshua, Samuel, Ezra, and Nehemiah. After these cores, VIA created a processor
core called "Esther" or "C5J" which became the VIA C7. This chip found its way
into the Everex Cloudbook which was modified and turned into the original
Sylvania G netbook. In 2008, I bought a Sylvania G to use for college courses.
I quickly developed a fondness for the unique little underdog of a laptop and I
have explored the limits of what it can do in many ways, including writing a
boot sector to figure out why Windows XP would boot fine but Windows Vista and
up would cause the laptop to completely skip the hard drive as a boot device:

https://www.jodybruchon.com/2012/08/17/sylvania-g-skips-hard-drive-if-partition-1-is-less-than-2gb/

My fondness for the VIA C7 and my experience writing a primitive boot sector
for troubleshooting on it inspired the name "Hegai." If I wrote an OS, I'd want
to try to squeeze everything I could out of a "slow" processor, so why not give
it a name that fits that ideal? Hegai took a liking to Esther and gave her the
support she needed to become queen; likewise, Jody took a liking to the C7 and
just might be able to lift up the aging, weak little underdog CPU.


Contact information
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To post bug reports/feature requests: https://github.com/jbruchon/hegai/issues

For all other inquiries, contact Jody Bruchon <jody@jodybruchon.com>


Legal information and software license
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hegai is Copyright (C) 2023 by Jody Bruchon <jody@jodybruchon.com>

The MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
